Adds links to other client libraries projects (#310)
inrupt/solid-client-js: README.md

See https://inrupt.github.io/solid-client-js/docs/

# Related libraries

## Authentication

> To send authenticated requests to your Pod and retrieve private data, you can use [solid-client-authn-browser](https://github.com/inrupt/solid-client-authn).

Reviewer: I'd link to the package they'd be using, rather than to the source code (which, by the way, I don't see listed on the npm page yet - be sure to add the `repository` field to the package.json of solid-client-authn):

```suggestion
To send authenticated requests to your Pod and retrieve private data, you can use [solid-client-authn-browser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@inrupt/solid-client-authn).
```

## Vocabularies and interoperability

> To reuse well-known vocabularies, and make your app produce/consume data in a more interoperable way, we provide vocabularies available as constants that you just have to import: [solid-common-vocab-rdf](https://github.com/inrupt/solid-common-vocab-rdf).

Reviewer: Ditto - although the package name here does not seem to match the repository?

```suggestion
To reuse well-known vocabularies, and make your app produce/consume data in a more interoperable way, we provide vocabularies available as constants that you just have to import: [solid-common-vocab-rdf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@inrupt/solid-common-vocab).
```

Author: In this case, there are multiple NPM packages available, so I think linking to those in the `https://github.com/inrupt/solid-common-vocab-rdf` README, with a description of their content, might be helpful and avoid duplicating the info there, or just linking to multiple packages without a description.

Reviewer: Ah, and they're all generated from the same repo? Shouldn't it have its own website then?

But yeah, fine with leaving it pointing to GitHub then :)

Author: Yeah we had a tutorial for using these vocabylary artifacts, eventually I agree it should have its own website :)
